# Tactical proposals from mining
Competitive analysis and industry proposals. Did this in April-May 2023 and that was before writing a book and using AI. First time I used AI was in September 2023. I made up the formula in bolag.py to determine KPI of industries from allabolag.se and that one about android apps 2017 is wrong. I looked up Subway Surfers without it. However, it did a good review of farming games without ML.

Folder web has format module: div, extract, soup, text. Scrape: remote, quo*, spider, seo. Pyscript: urls, todo. Extra: jso, tube, video. Folder app has android module: list, interact, miss (lambda), new, septim, stats, max, label, genre, synthes, review. TA: stocks, stuk, wine. Games: fibon, parser, plagi, name, bolag. In June 2024 I added AWS here. Primary for Ansible setup. Secondary for UCI ML Repo insights. AWS-RunRemoteScript: Ansible Playbooks and Python scripts from Git. Glue, Athena to analyze S3 after Run. OpenSearch to browse documents. Elasticsearch to browse IoT devices. Kinesis Stream records from Datadog to Grafana with Neptune. Amplitude as API Gateway.

One goal of git repos is to show preferences: debt=si, oak=fe, popular=te, rest=xe, imgo=ti, vercel=se. Timeline: rest > oak > debt > imgo > upsun. Ambiguous: (ti) chunking, calculus, use cases, (xe) solution branches, obscure. Arduino IDE in Ubuntu for USB port from grub-config is another obscure example. Abstract: (debt) whats different from whats expected, (oak) what most people can do to get started, (popular) junior samples for efficiency, (imgo) libraries, frameworks, bare metal, (vercel) latest tools, simplest, env factors from imgo. Another goal of git repos is to prepare small business owners for tactical survival. 
